Added Term Entry for Python Built-in Function `range()` (#561)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/range/range.md

---
Title: 'range()'
Description: 'Returns a sequence of numbers based on the given range'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Integers'
  - 'Range'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/analyze-data-with-python'
---

The `range()` function returns a sequence of numbers based on the given range.

## Syntax

```pseudo
range(stop)
range(start = 0, stop)
range(start = 0, stop, step = 1)
```

- `stop` (required): specifies where the range will stop, ending at `stop - 1` due to zero-indexing.
- `start` (optional): specifies where the range will start, defaulting at 0.

> - `step` (optional): specifies how many steps the range will increment be reaching the end, defaulting to 1.

Reviewer: Yes! This is much better! 😀

> - `step` (optional): specifies how many steps the range will increment be reaching the end, defaulting to 1.

Reviewer 2: Cool!

## Example

> Here, the range is set to stop before 5.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here, two variables are created. One with the range set to stop before 5. The other is set to start at 5 and stop before 11. Both are converted to [lists](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/lists) before being printed.
```

---
Title: 'range()'
Description: 'Returns a sequence of numbers based on the given range'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Integers'
  - 'Range'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/analyze-data-with-python'
---

Returns a sequence of numbers based on the given range.

## Syntax

> ```python

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

range(stop)
range(start, stop)
range(start, stop, step)
```

- `stop` (required) specifies where to stop. Range ends at `stop - 1`.
- `start` (optional) specifies where to start. Default is 0.
- `step` (optional) specifies incrementation. Default is 1.

## Example 1

> Here the range is set to `stop` before 5.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here the range is set to stop before 5.
```

```python
x = range(5)

print(list(x))

# Output: [0,1,2,3,4]
```

## Example 2

> Here the range is set to `start` at 5 and `stop` before 11.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here the range is set to start at 5 and stop before 11.
```

```python
y = range(5, 11)

print(list(y))

# Output: [5,6,7,8,9,10]
```

## Example 3

> Here the range is set to `start` at 10, `stop` before 60, and `step` or increment by 10.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here the range is set to start at 10, stop before 60, and increment by 10.
```

`range(start, stop, step)`

```codebyte/py
z = range(10, 60, 10)

> print(list(z))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
print(list(z))

# Output: [10,20,30,40,50]
```

---
Title: 'range()'
Description: 'Returns a sequence of numbers based on the given range'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Integers'
  - 'Range'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/analyze-data-with-python'
---

The `range()` function returns a sequence of numbers based on the given range.

## Syntax

```pseudo
range(stop)

> range(start, stop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
range(start = 0, stop)
```

> range(start, stop, step)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
range(start = 0, stop, step = 1)
```

Reviewer: Just to further define the default values of some of the arguments of `range()`.

```

> - `stop` (required) specifies where to stop. Range ends at `stop - 1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `stop` (required): specifies where the range will stop, ending at `stop - 1` due to zero-indexing.
```

> - `start` (optional) specifies where to start. Default is 0.
> - `step` (optional) specifies incrementation. Default is 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `start` (optional): specifies where the range will start, defaulting at 0.
- `step` (optional): specifies how many steps the range will increment be reaching the end, defaulting to 1.
```

> ## Example 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

Here the range is set to stop before 5.

```python
x = range(5)

print(list(x))

# Output: [0,1,2,3,4]
```

> 
> ## Example 2
> 
> Here the range is set to start at 5 and stop before 11.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

I think examples #1 and #2 should be consolidated as one example section with two code snippets (a Python ```py and regular output ```)l

```python
y = range(5, 11)

print(list(y))

# Output: [5,6,7,8,9,10]
```

> ## Example 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte Example
```

> Here the range is set to start at 10, stop before 60, and increment by 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the range is set to 10 and increments by 10, stopping before 60:
```

> 
> `range(start, stop, step)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

I don't think there is a need to restate the syntax here.

```codebyte/py
z = range(10, 60, 10)

print(list(z))

> 
> # Output: [10,20,30,40,50]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Since this a codebyte snippet, the output will be displayed when the code is run.
